# Description
Update on the Global Population Growth, Box by Box https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTznEIZRkLg First data visualization project to update the 2010 TED talk by Hans Rosling on global statistics on fertility rate and child survival (data up to 2008) to illustrate his argument that global population will continue to grow if the 2bn people in the low income countries don't develop sufficiently to drastically reduce fertility. The graph shows the strong correlation between child mortality and fertility and is an argument in favor of policies aiming at reducing child mortality, showing that they contribute to limiting population growth, not increasing it. The data on total population, fertility and infant mortality was found on the site of the World Bank (country by country from 1960 to 2015) https://data.worldbank.org/ Population, total Fertility rate, total (births per woman) Mortality rate, infant (per 1,000 live births)

1/ Download the files as CSV With Python: 2/ Extract basic info 3/ Merge the files & tidy data (melt years into one column) 4/ Clean the files including pre-visualization. Drop rows with missing values. 5/ Plot results with matplotlib so the graph is identical to the one of Hans Rosling 6/ Make the plot dynamic 7/ Add world map legend and the year's name under the grid

Notes: Check the csv module (alternative to pd.read.csv) Drop rows with missing values after melting the data by year will ensure that only the missing data for that given year and country will be removed. Alternatives would include fully disregarding countries with missing values so as not to artificially inflate the most recent data; or filling missing values with statistics from later years. Use pre-visualization to confirm which method is the most suitable.

I couldn't find a way to display Bokeh into Jupyter Notebook without Javascript - contrary to what my limited learning from Datacamp had taught me - so I was a bit disappointed.